test 1 (listening):
1.
Hi Robin. I appreciate your letter and invitation. The idea about going to sports camp is great 
because I'm going to take a holiday just during July. So, I'd like to join your company.
Moreover, I have never been in Canada and I think it's a good reason to visit the country you have
never seen before. As for my preferences about places where we can spend a night, I think it will be 
better to choose a tent if we want to stay closer to nature. 
Concerning the cooking, I'd prefer not to bother ourselves: I think it will be better if we spend all our
time on entertainments. Therefore, some sausages and bread fried above the campfire will be enough.
If we have a couple of days before we go to the camp I think you'll be able to show me some 
local sights.If you don't mind, of course.

Take care

(120 words)

2.
 Alison read the note, smiled and put on her coat. The note said her best friend Joan was arriving
at the local terminal that evening. Apparently, Alison's mother left that note after speaking on the telephone
with Joan or she just read a message from her, or something. All in all, Alison was pondering the reason the note had appeared
 while she was going along the street. "Something was wrong, - she thought. And the handwriting was so strange".
Some time later, she heard silent steps behind her. There was no doubt: someone was following her. She took a left turn 
and found herself in a dark lane. On taking no more than ten steps she turned around and watched a shade approaching 
the corner where she had stood just a moment earlier. She tried to escape, but she couldn't. The fear tied her feet.
She backed up several steps and fell on the pavement. At that moment, the shade dispersed and her neighbor, Mrs. Smith
appeared round the corner. Mrs. Smith walked pass the lane even without looking at Alison. Afterall, Alison stood up,
shook her coat off and went to the station where her friend Joan, apparently, had already been waiting for her.
On her way there, she decided that from that time on she shouldn't watch so much crime shows on TV.

(220 words)

Hello Mark. I appreciate your letter. As for me, I have never read this novel by Jules Verve, though I have watched this cartoon
on TV. But I don't think I'd agree with you about the fact that travelling was more enoyable in the days when the aeroplane was invented.
I mean, nowadays, everyone can choose the type of travelling by oneself: on one hand, it may be travelling by plane, on the other hand - by 
motorbyke, or even by bicycle. I think, the traveller's financial condition is crucial for the type of travelling to be chosen. Now people
have a lot of variety of variants compared with those in the nineteenth century. So, if a traveller suddenly feels bore when riding his bike,
he/she can just get rid of it at nearest terminal, take a ticket to the aiport and find himself/herself at home as soon as possible. Nowadays, 
money can settle almost every problem and make travelling much more comfortable and enjoyable.

Best regards, Konstantin

(150 words)
