TEST 4

1. Hi Pat! And thanks for your invitation. If you want me to come in July, I'll be glad to see you. I'm going to take a 
holiday so July suits me. I'm sure I won't late for your brother's birthday. I remember he was fond of fishing, so I 
think I'll present him a fishstick and a suit of fishing hooks or something. I hope he didn't give up this hobby, did he? 
As for the camping: I have to give up your proposal because I have arranged to set off in the mountain with two other my friends.
Maybe we will some times latter. So, if I'll come to your place, could we go fishing together. I mean we can get your motor boat 
and travel down the river. We can get your brother with us. Anyway it looks like will be fun. See you later.

135 words / 40 min

2. We must look after the world - it is our home.

This days the idea about man-made factor is spreading all around the world. The thought about global warming may sound frequently than
let's say twony years ago. I think we are implanted this thought in order to take us more dependend of this sircumstances. I mean, if a 
factory spends some fresh air turning out something (for example, we're talking about chemical industry), and you buy something, let's say, 
a cleaning powder, you'll have to pay the extra tax for the air, which has been spent during the producing of this good.
I'd like to say, maybe we have been preparing for the things like that.
Sertainly, I uphold the things like, people should to reduce the using of polimer pockets and turn to paper pockets. We should pay more attention 
to utilyze of used oil and so on. I'm sure the doings of plants or factories should be under control of the government (I mean an ecology 
factor and not only). But, this is the case of rather the people than the government about how shuld they treat themselves in this field of 
question (I'd like to say: "Don't litter our brains"). And I'd like to finish by words of a famous comic: "The earth is fine, the peaople 
are f*ck".

200 words / 50 min