test 1 (listening):
1.
Hi Robin. I apreciate your letter and invitation. The idea about going to sports camp is great 
because I'm going to take a holiday just during July. So I'll join your company with pleasure.
Moreover I have never been in Canada and I think it's a good reason to attend the country you have
never seen before. As for my preferences about places where we can spend a night: I think it will be 
better to chose a tent if we want to stay close to nature. 
Concerning the cooking I'd prefer not bother himself: I think it would be better if we spent all our
time for entertainments. Therefore, some sausages and bread fried above the campfire would be enough.
If we are having a couple of days before we go to the camp I think you'll may display to me some 
local seasights. Surely, if you don't mind.

Take care

(120 words)

2.
 Alison read the note, smiled and put on her coat. In the note was read her best friend Joan had being arrived
at the local terminal this evening. Apparently, Alison's mother left this note after speaking on the telephone
with Joan or she had read the letter or something. All in all Alison was pondering the reason the note had appeared on
her table while she was going through the street. "Something was wrong, - she thought. And the handwriting was such weird".
Some time later she heard silent steps behind her. There were no doubt: someone was following her. She took a left turn 
and found herself in a dark lane. On taking no more than ten steps she turned around and watched a shade was approaching 
the corner where she was standing just a moment earlier. She tried to escape but she couldn't. The fear had tied her feet.
She backed up several steps and fell on the pavement. At that moment the shade dispersed and her neighbore, Mtr. Smith
appeared out from the corner. Mtr. Smith walked pass the lane even without looking at Alison. Afterall Alison stood up,
shook her coat off and went to the station where her friend Joan, apparently, had already waiting for her.
On her way she decided that from now onwards she shouldn't watched so much criminal on TV.

(220 words)

Hello Mark. I appreciate your letter. As for me, I have never read this novel by Jules Verve, though I have watched this cartoon
on TV. But I don't think I'd agree with you about travelling was more enoyable in the days where the aeroplane had been invented.
I mean nowadays everyone can chose the type of traveling by himself: in one way it can be traveling by plane, the other way - by 
motorbyke or even bicycle. I think the financial condition plays the base role which type of traveling will be chosen. Now people
have a lot of variety variants than it were in nineteenth century. So if traveller suddenly feels bore during riding his bike,
he can just rid it off at nearest terminal, take a ticket to the aiport and find himself at home as soon as posible. Nowadays, 
money can settle almost every problem and make a travelling more comfortable and enjoyable.

Best regards, Konstantin

(150 words)
